Lesson 2 Reflections document
-----------------------------
date: December 5th, 2015

Reflect: Initializing a Repository

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
=> When I initialize the repo, a .git directory is created and all metadata associated with the new repo is created inside the direcory
Also any files inside the repo are automatically marked as untracked and the repo git resources have track of that unless you later "add"
then to the repo.

=> in order to initiate file tracking and versioning

Reflect: Staging Area

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
=> The staging area is a layer to put selected changed files to be later added to the repo instead of every file with changes.

=> selectivity

Reflect: Commit Size

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
=> one can add files as they are modified into the staging. Then at the end (in a different timeframe) review and compare using git diff --staged
an in one sitting decide which changes will be committed. And commit the appropriate desired changed files only. Then one can reset other non desired
changes at the end.

Reflect: When to use branches

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
=> Some situations when a branch is helpful is when we want to try to implement a feature, but do not want to mess the master branch with new code that might not work or that might add the experimental functionality, also several people might compete for the definitive feature so a different branch would allow one to track the feature history then later on use the branch that has the accepted feature set to be integrated to the master branch.

=> Branches would help separate the new feature development between different developers and then have integration of code from the same code base into the master by reviewing it before pushing it to the master.
